[chore] Add yaml frontmatter to existing sample READMEs (#51)
Azure-Samples/azureai-samples: CONTRIBUTING.md

That's it! Thank you for your contribution!

### Discoverability

Examples in this repository can be indexed in the [Microsoft code samples browser](https://docs.microsoft.com/samples), enabling organic discoverability. To accomplish this, add the required YAML frontmatter at the top of the `README.md`

The YAML frontmatter format looks like this:

```YAML
---
page_type: sample
languages:
- language1
- language2
products:
- ai-services
description: Example description.
---
```

> Edit the product, description, and languages as needed. All valid product and language options are listed [here](https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/help/platform/metadata-taxonomies?branch=main#product).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit the product, description, and languages as needed.

* You can find all valid product options [here](https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/help/platform/metadata-taxonomies?branch=main#product).
* You can find valid language options [here](https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/help/platform/metadata-taxonomies?branch=main#dev-lang).
```
